Add Asset.event_extra_template and use it at runtime (#55408)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/authoring-and-scheduling/assets.rst

    example_asset = Asset(
        "s3://asset/example.csv",

>         event_extra_template={"team": "trainees"},

Reviewer: I don't think this really makes sense to be an event extra anymore -- the "team=trainees" feels like a property of the asset, so was right before, but this example doesn't feel correct to be attached to the event itself.

.. note:: **Security Note:** Asset URI and extra fields are not encrypted, they are stored in cleartext in Airflow's metadata database. Do NOT store any sensitive values, especially credentials, in either asset URIs or extra key values!

Event extra information on asset events

> ---------------------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Information template on asset events
------------------------------------
```

> In addition to static extra information, Airflow also supports attaching dynamic information to individual asset events using the event_extra_template parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Airflow also supports attaching dynamic information to individual asset events using the ``event_extra_template`` parameter.
```

This dictionary supports Jinja templating, allowing runtime values such as execution dates, run IDs, or task-specific information to be rendered when the asset event is emitted.

.. code-block::

    templated_asset = Asset(
        "s3://asset/example.csv",
        event_extra_template={
            "dag_id": "{{ dag.dag_id }}",
            "run_id": "{{ run_id }}",
            "execution_date": "{{ ds }}",
        },
    )

>     At runtime, the templates are rendered in the task's execution context, and the resulting dictionary is attached to the emitted AssetEvent. This allows metadata such as row counts, partitions, or execution identifiers to be recorded for each specific event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    At runtime, the templates are rendered in the task's execution context, and the resulting dictionary is attached to the emitted asset event's ``extra``. This allows metadata such as row counts, partitions, or execution identifiers to be recorded for each specific event.
```

    Distinction between extra and event_extra_template

>         extra: static description of the asset itself, does not change across runs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Distinction between ``Asset.extra`` and ``Asset.event_extra_template``

        extra: static description of the asset itself. Not attached to each events.
```

>         event_extra_template: a template dictionary defined on the Asset. It is rendered at runtime into a concrete dictionary, which is attached to the emitted AssetEvent and stored in the asset_event table (as AssetEvent.extra). The raw template itself is not persisted.

Reviewer 2: Looks like these should be dedented? Currently they are inside the code block.

Author: @uranusjr  I’ve dedented the explanatory text so it’s no longer inside the code block, and pushed the update code.
Thanks
